all right so I had said that Scientology
just it has to be real just not for the
amount of times Tom Cruise has and died
from these stunts like this man is -
Xenu what Moses was to the Lord this is
a guy who's pushing 50 and is still
doing all of his stunts probably had
Superman on set going like brought do
you even bleed so I had made a video
breaking down all the movies leading up
to mi6 which you can catch right here
because that was extremely high for it
and wanted to make sure everyone was
caught up on them I'll be honest even if
you don't catch that video even if you
turn this one up I heed you to go to
Best Buy rabo Red Box I don't care what
you do catch every movie in this
franchise because they're insane and I
love number six more than Drake lives in
the city then I saw it three times in
theaters and can officially confirm Tom
Cruise has lost his damn mind
let me explain now for starters I get
the backlash of him doing his own stunts
right there's people out there like my
deal Danny Trejo who's against taking
away jobs from stunt men and women and I
respect that but my deal so don't have a
franchise like this one let me sing this
dude literally hang off of a plane do
the grapevine outside of a tower have
the audacity to jump on Oprah's chair
but i'ma just focus on the stunts and
fall out cuz this man has literally
become the LeBron James of movies where
he coaches himself there watch this
watch this you come up ya know I look at
Henry Danner he looks at me he goes back
and he gets his gun then he points the
gun at me we'll get all that in one pass
like you know Cruz is crazy because he
didn't grow up playing leapfrog man was
the Frog there's a sequence in this
movie that takes place in France where
this dude is driving out to oncoming
traffic most movies just put actors on a
prop whenever they're driving this man
actually learn how to fly a helicopter
after really climbing a helicopter now
look I'm gonna keep it real with you
right these movies don't always make
complete sense and I don't mean like oh
you're just supposed to go with it their
movies is fit I'm talking about like the
director himself has admitted to leaving
a couple plot holes in there cuz you
know they just had to get the twist to
work but I still love the direction in
the stunt work in these movies I don't
mean to sound too pretentious which in
almost are covering a blockbuster so it
should even out but you can feel the
missus scene when you actually film it
on location up in the sky I know
everyone digs the bathroom scene where
Henry reloads his arms but this scene
this scene right here where he actually
jumps from a plane this
scene where the cameraman Craig O'Brien
is wearing the camera on his head this
scene which they filmed over 100 times
during Twilight just to get it right for
our entertainment
[Applause]
but to solidify how this man is a real
deal and how I appreciate how insane he
is you gotta check out this shot right
here there's a bunch of great montages
of Tom Cruise just running which I have
playing repeat in my cartoon house but
the one in fallout has him running full
speed jumping over to another building
and then cracking his ankle like legit
this man busted his foot and still walk
past camera to complete the shot and
five months later this dude was
sprinting full speed for this shot right
here
well Henry took out like five life
insurance is just a step in a rock thank
you guys for checking out this video I'm
curious to know your thoughts down below
in the comment section
shout out also Hardy for the
cinematography this is a dude who was
doing like some of the craziest stuff
out there he also did anihilation and he
did ex machina which you know I'll give
that as the excuse for why a lot of the
shots were grainy in this movie but you
know what if a movie if they're shot is
out of focus because you're up in the
sky bro I don't even mind that shout out
to everyone who worked in this movie
shout out some aquarii shout out to the
insurance company that had sweater your
palms on when your mama makes spaghetti
shoutout to everyone who went to go
support independent cinema with this
movie even if movie fans forgot to play
the light bill I'm Kirsten any thoughts
down below I just want to make this
video because I saw it three times in
theaters and I completely adore the
movie it's not a perfect movie but man I
loved it I thought I had a lot of fun
with it and I implore you guys to see it
if you haven't seen it in IMAX don't
forget to comment like and subscribe and
I'll send you a CGI'd mustache